COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2015 Ilya Khaprov <ilya.khaprov@publitechs.com> and CONTRIBUTORS
All rights reserved.

CL-EVENTS uses a shared copyright model: each contributor holds copyright over
their contributions to CL-EVENTS. The project versioning records all such
contribution and copyright details. If a contributor wants to further mark
their specific copyright on a particular contribution, they should indicate
their copyright solely in the commit message of the change when it is
committed.

LICENSE

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

By contributing to the project repository through pull-request, comment,
or otherwise, the contributor releases their content to the
license and copyright terms herein.